feat(armory-io): added documentation for the expose preview links via webhooks (#1919)
armory/docs: content/en/cd-as-a-service/tasks/deploy/preview-link.md

* `previews`: map of `service-name:URL` objects
* `expiresAtIso8601`: the absolute timestamp of the preview link's expiration

### Webhook context

> After the preview link is created, you can use it in context of the webhook action for current strategy. The naming convention for the links is following: `armory.preview.<service name>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the preview link is created, you can use it in context of the webhook action for current strategy. The naming convention for the links follows: `armory.preview.<service name>`. 
```

> In case of long-running deployments do consider choosing proper TTL for the service, so the link passed to the webhook is not already expired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of long-running deployments please consider choosing a proper TTL for the service so that the link passed to the webhook is not expired. 
```

If you query the REST API endpoint, you see results similar to:

{{< figure src="/images/cdaas/tasks/deploy/exposeServices-API.png" alt="The preview link in the REST API results" >}}

> To reference exposed service in your webhook, consider following step in your strategy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reference an exposed service in your webhook, consider the following step for use in your strategy:
```
